Just to kind of catch you guys up on this
is, uh, last time we, we took communion
was, uh, I think it could have been the
first Sunday that we gathered as a team.
So some of you may remember this,
if you were on our core team, the,
the facility in here was unfinished.
It was dirty in here.
And we sat up like right over here.
With some random chairs and
hung out and took communion.
And to me, that was one of
the most special times to take
communion because, you know,
community, it's a time to remember.
And in the time of taking communion, I
remembered all that God had done through
our church to get it to that point.
And, uh, I was in that again today
and doing that again this week of
like, what has God done to bring
us to this point as a church?
And it's just so amazing to see.
What he's brought us to and what
he's doing in and through us
because of what he did on the cross.
And so it's really cool.
Um, but we spent some time talking about,
uh, remembering Jesus's example, um, and
we kind of hit some highlights of that.
Whenever we discuss that as a team,
back in March, I think it was March.
Um, but I thought it would be
good for us to go a little bit.
And talk about that same thing
and the reason why is it?
I think it's a, it's a text
this rarely talked about or
preached about during communion.
Typically you're going to go to, you
know, the, them sitting around the
table and all the details of that.
Or you may even go to Paul and talking
about, um, what he had talked about,
um, with the Corinthians and communion.
Um, and so today we're going to
be in John chapter 13 and we're
going to start in verse one.
And so I want to ask this question,
because again, I love asking questions
when we first start off, uh, here is,
um, have you ever told someone something
and in this moment that they walked
away, they forgot what you said, anybody.
Okay.
Wives may be looking at their husbands or
parents may be thinking about their kids.
And my son chaining is probably the worst.
I'll be like a lot of times, if
I'm going to tell them something
of importance I've got to get,
Hey son, look at me in the ice.
Go get your coat out of your room.
Okay.
Okay, dad, next thing you know,
I'm like chaining, where are you?
I'm in the living room.
Do you get your coat?
Oh, I forgot.
And it's that moment
where we're like, right.
Well, communion, communion is a time
to remember, um, any in, in Jesus
talks about, you know, as we do this.
We should remember.
And a lot of times it's just God saying
this remembering is such an important
part of our life, because if we remember
why we do something, why God did
something for us, it will motivate us.
It will give us some kind of a grounded.
In how we live at our lives.
But if we forget to remember which, Hey,
come next week, we get to talk about
what happens when we forget to remember.
Um, but when we forget to remember
our lives tend to veer off.
From what God had called us to do.
And so remembering is so powerful.
Right?
And so in today's text, we're gonna see,
not that, that Jesus didn't just tell
his followers something, he modeled it.
And so, Jesus, isn't just going to tell
us something today, he's going to model
it and then challenge us to model it.
Right.
So just to kind of set this
up in this text, see Jesus
was heading towards the cross.
Right.
We know that Jesus lived a sinless life.
Perfect example.
He had healed people.
I top.
Um, and he had came to this
point in his life where he
knew he was going to the cross.
It was that moment where he's like,
okay, my time here is almost done.
Um, and so we see this time
of what they call the last.
Um, and just to kind of give you
this little bit of background here,
the last supper was them getting
ready to celebrate the Passover.
And so does anybody know
what the Passover was?
You've been studying about it at all.
Okay.
The Passover.
So just to kind of catch everybody up
to make sure we're on the same page, the
Passover happened back in Exodus, right?
So Moses led the people
of Israel out of Egypt.
And before they left Egypt to
finally be able to even be,
let, go from Pharaoh, God.
Had something called the Passover happen.
What they had to do is they had to
kill a lamb, or I think it was even
possibly a goat of certain year.
No blemish that to kill it.
And they had to smear
blood over their doorposts.
So that.
When the spirit of the Lord would come
into Egypt, that he would pass over
the homes that had the mark of this
perfect lamb, but the homes he didn't
pass over, they didn't have that mark.
He would kill their firstborn, which that
sounds so brutal guys sounds so brutal.
Um, there's more context.
I don't have enough time to teach
why God did that, but I do know this
after that happened, which means God
passed over every one of the Israelites
homes that had that marking on there.
They didn't kill their firstborn.
Um, God had set a precedent.
He said, Remember this every year, you'll
have a Passover feast to remember what
I did for you to get you out of slavery
and to send you to the promised land.
So every year they celebrated that
every year they celebrated that.
And so what Jesus said, he says,
and now I'm creating a new covenant.
So the last supper was this last time
that they would celebrate the Passover
and there would be a new covenant.
The new covenant was Jesus
has split the perfect sacker.
Being now put his blood over
our doorposts, our lives, right.
And anybody that accepts Jesus
as Lord over their life accepts
Jesus payment of his sacrifice.
We have now that marker so that at
the end of our life, whenever God
comes to judge us, you'll see that
mark, you'll see what Jesus did on
the cross because you accepted that
and he'll pass over you in judgment.
It's really cool how this
picture comes together.
Why we celebrate.
It's because we're really
celebrating the Passover and we're
taking time to remember, to not to
forget all that God has done for
us so that we know the sacrifice.
It took to get us to the place of
knowing God to be saved from our sins,
to not spend an eternity separated
from God, to not be in punishment
for our sins, man, once we grasp
that, it changes the way we live.
I don't want you guys.
It changes the way we live.
That's why God says to remember
this as you do this now, do we
only have to take communion?
No really, if you think about acts two
is as they gathered together and as
they ate together, they remembered,
they remembered what Christ had done
for them and they gave him praise.
And so we can do that every day.
Um, sometimes maybe you do that
every day, but we take time to set
out to do that as a church to make
sure that we remember as a group,
as a body together, what Christ did.
So it's not about the elements.
It's not about the juice.
Those are things that we're symbol.
But they are ways for us to just
take a tangible thing, to remember
just like baptism, baptism, doesn't
save us, but it's a tangible
picture of what Christ did.
Why does Christ ask us to be
baptized or to celebrate communion?
Because it allows us to proclaim his
coming and to proclaim his death and
resurrection over and over again.
So it's so.
So we're coming out of right.
This, the, the last supper there they're
coming around to celebrate the Passover.
And the story that John describes
does not give the details that we
just read off during communion.
He doesn't talk about passing around the
bread and passing around the cup, but
he does teach us something that I think
is his one of his last lessons that he
wants each one of us to grasp about the
purpose of him dying on the cross for us.
Not just talking about let's jump into the
text so that all of us can kind of, um,
catch up and see what, what, what Jesus is
trying to teach us and what he was trying
to teach the disciples on the last night.
Um, there, so again, John
chapter 13 verses one through
17, I'm going to read those.
It says this assist before the
Passover festival, Jesus knew
that his hour had come to depart
from this world to the father.
Having loved his own,
who were in the world.
He loved them to the.
Now, when it was time for the supper,
the devil had already put into his heart.
Of Judas, Simon, Iscariot
son to betray him.
And Jesus knew that the father had
given everything into his hands
and then he had come from God and
that he was going back to God.
And so he got up from his supper,
laid aside his outer clothing.
He took a towel and he tied it around
himself and next he poured the water into
the basin and began to wash his disciples
speed and dry them with a towel title.
And he came to Simon, Peter who asked
him, Lord, are you going to wash my feet?
And Jesus answered him.
What I'm doing.
You don't realize now, but
afterwards you will understand.
And he says, you will never wash my feet.
Peter said, so he was
rejecting God's plan.
Right?
So Jesus replied, if you don't wash, if I
don't wash you, you have no part with me.
Simon, Peter said to him, Lord, not only
my feet, but also my hands and my head.
One who has bathed.
Jesus told him doesn't need to
wash anything except his feet,
but he is completely clean and
you are clean, but not all of you
for he knew who would betray him.
And this is what he said,
not all of your clean.
And so when he had Jesus had washed
their feet and put on his outer clothing,
he reclined again and said to them,
do you know what I've done for you?
You call me teacher and Lord.
And you are speaking
Riley since that's what.
So if I, your Lord and teacher have
washed your feet, you also ought
to wash one another's feet for I've
given you an example that you also
should do as I have done for you.
Truly.
I tell you a servant is not greater
than his master and a messenger, not
greater than the one who sent him.
If you know these things, you are blessed.
If you do.
It's a lot of texts.
We're going to call and walk through
this quickly, but you're going
to see some key themes in here.
Number one, as Jesus spent his
last night with his disciples,
here's one thing that is clear.
He was confident in his calling.
Why is it important to be confident?
Somebody tell me this?
Why is it important for a pilot to be
competent and being able to fly a plane?
Anybody?
So he doesn't crash question.
Do you want your pilot to be confident?
Great.
Okay.
Why is it important for
the drivers on the road?
I know not all Mar to be confident
in how to drive somebody.
So you don't crash, especially into you.
Confidence is important.
See, I think Jesus was painting a
picture and I'm going to give you the
scripture here that points this out
confidence in your calling is important
and remembering what Christ did for us.
So let's look, what do you mean
by competence in his calling?
Look at verse three and we're
gonna kind of break this down.
It says Jesus knew that the father
had given everything into his
hands and that he had come from
God and that he was going back to.
So that was Jesus.
He was confident and what God
had given him confident in what
God to get him giving them.
Right.
And so confidence allows us to run
with endurance, the race that God has
laid out for us, again, not because
of our power, but because of his.
And so how did he have that confidence?
We're going to walk through this one.
He knew God had given
everything into his hands.
Here's what I look at whenever I see this.
If you've read the previous part of
John John one, the chapters one through
12, here's what you see about Jesus.
Number one, Jesus experienced
God in a personal way.
See, Jesus spent time with God
personally, Jesus experienced
God's miracles through him.
So because of his experiential
faith and his time and relationship
with God, he had come to this point
because God has done all this for me.
And through me, I have confidence
in going to the cross, even though
I knew it's going to be painful and.
So he had confidence
because of his relationship.
Number two, he knew that
he had come from God.
Right?
So if you know that you've come
from God, if you have a confidence
that God has used your savior.
If you have confidence that you have
come from God, you know, you have
come with not only God's call, but
also God's power and ability and
resources to fulfill the call on you.
So Jesus not only was confident
that God had given him everything
into his hands, but he was
confident that he had came from God.
And here's the one part that I love.
He was confident that
he was going back to.
Because if you know where your destination
will end in the arms of Jesus in a perfect
relationship where there is no tears,
there's no pain, there's no suffering.
There's only perfection in heaven.
If you have confidence where you're
going, it's easier to do what you're
doing and to live the way you live and
the live the way that God's called you to.
So Jesus had confidence in his calling.
So I want to now flip this to us, right?
I want to flip this us and think about
how do we have confidence in our calling,
where God is leading you in your life.
How do you have confidence
in this number one?
We know that Christ lives in us.
If you've given your life to Jesus, if
you have said, Hey Lord, I understand
that my life apart from you sends me
to an eternity, separated from you,
that I have to pay for my own sins and
that I have to live a life separate
from your grace, mercy, and love.
If I know that I've
given my life to Jesus.
And Christ now lives inside of me.
Here's what we know.
If Christ had confidence that
God had given him everything.
What does that mean?
When you have Christ living inside of you?
Somebody tell me you should have
confidence that God has given everything
into your hands to fulfill your call.
If that doesn't sink in.
I don't know what will, if you
have Christ in you to fulfill
the call, that his place.
You had everything, not some,
not occasional, but everything in
your hands to fulfill your call.
Number two, we know that we have
come from God, just like Jesus.
If you are a child of God, if you have
given your life to Jesus and you are
a child of God, you have a confidence
that God has given you every resource
necessary to fulfill your call.
And so, you know, this is Jesus
has example of going to a cross
where he would suffer and die.
Jesus had confidence.
So you may be wondering, but my call is,
is difficult where I'm heading is hard.
Jesus understands, but
he still had confidence.
And because he lives in you, you
can have confidence, but here's
the one that I love the most.
We know we're going back to
God, no matter what happens.
This side of heaven, we know
that we are going back to God.
That should give us confidence.
When we know in the end we win, we
get eternity with God and heaven.
So the only thing we have left
to do is to go and fulfill our
call on the way to eternity.
It's the same thing that Jesus did.
So Jesus had confidence that
everything that God had done through
him and in him that going to the
cross, he had everything he needed.
So what did he do?
What did he do?
So Jesus had confidence in his calling
and he decided to serve those around him.
Right.
He could have easily just, just so you
guys know confidence in your calling,
you know, where you're spending eternity.
You can just sit there, right?
I mean, Jesus could have, he could have
just waited for them to arrest him, hang
them on a cross, suffer, die, raise again.
And now everybody can be saved.
He could have just sat there, but he
said, no, I've got a little time left.
I'm going to use it wisely.
So I started thinking about me, man.
If I got confidence that I'm
going to win in the end, I'm
probably just going to hang out.
I'm going to take it easy.
I'm gonna take the low road.
I'm probably going to just go
hang out and chill, but not Jesus.
So Jesus decides to
serve those around him.
He didn't just sit there.
Right?
And so it began to wash
the disciples feet.
We see this in verse four, he says so
after he had confidence in his calling,
right, he got up from the supper and laid
aside his clothes and he took a talent.
He tied it around him and he began
to pour water into a basin to begin
to wash the disciples feet and dry
them with a towel tied around him.
Number one, that's nasty.
You know, I, I just don't know about
you guys, but feeder, probably one
of the nastiest things to us now.
And we wear shoes.
Imagine them when we know out on the
roads that they were, you know, riding
horses and some things were on the road
and they were probably stepping in things.
I mean, you, you guys
get the picture, right?
I don't even want to wash your
feet and you're wearing shoes and
Jesus was willing to step down.
So w I want to give you this picture.
Because remember I was teaching Jonah
and the king stepped down from his
throne and he took off his Royal
robes and he began to put on sackcloth
and ashes because of his brokenness.
Jesus got down from his
throne, took off his robes.
Really?
He did that when he came down from heaven,
number one, but he didn't even step lower.
He served those around him.
He was heading to the cross y'all
and he said, I'm going to surf.
Wow.
I'm going to.
Of all the things he could
have done at the last supper,
he decided to wash their feet.
I want to ask you guys this question.
Why, why do you think of all
the things Jesus could have
done on his way to the cross?
Why do you think he
washed the disciples feet?
Yeah.
To show him as an example, if you've got
a limited amount of time with someone
you're going to make it worthwhile.
I don't know if you've ever
been in a meeting where it's
like, Hey, we got an hour.
I think me and Brock sat down last Monday.
And I think I told him, I
said, Hey, I got an hour.
We made the hour with while
I think we covered a lot.
So he's like, we want
to make this valuable.
So Jesus said, okay, I'm
confident where I'm going.
I have everything into my hands.
I've got this little bit of time.
What is one last.
Thing.
I want to teach my disciples.
So this is why this to me, this text is
so important guys, because communion is to
remember what God did for us on the cross.
But I think convenience more, I
think is to remember the example
that Jesus set for every one of us.
And if this is one of his object
lessons on the way to the.
I'm probably going to lean in even more
to this one than most of the other ones.
And all of them are important
even before all of John 12,
one through 12 is important.
This one I'm just going to lean
in a little bit more because I'm
going to say, Hey, this one was
important for him to leave right here.
And this part to leave
right here in this part.
So I started thinking about this.
Let's look at verse eight here.
Verse eight says this is as it's
actually verse seven, verse eight.
So Jesus is getting ready to wash Peter.
Um, and Peter's like, no, I
don't want you to wash my feet.
Right.
Number, verse eight.
He says, you will never wash my feet.
And Jesus replied, if you will not,
let me wash your feet, then you'll
have no part in me or part of me.
And so I started thinking about this.
Peter tries rejects God's plan, right?
When we, when we think about
Peter in this, and I, I wanted to
take a moment to talk about this.
Peter was not wanting to accept
God's plan of one, him serving him.
He was rejecting God's plan.
I don't know if you've ever had
that in your life where, you know,
the Lord is doing something for
you or to you or through you.
And you begin to say, no,
I don't want it that way.
I don't like it that way.
You're not going to do.
And this, this moment
for me and conviction.
When I see Peter who will be the
rock of the church future, right?
We know this in acts two, he begins to
be the rock, the one that sets and leads
off into the starting of the church.
He rejects God.
And God tells him, you will not be
a part of me if you reject this.
And so then Peter quickly
says, no wash all of me.
Right?
And so God goes into this other
thing, but I started think about this.
It sounds a little bit narrow-minded
when God gives us a call in our lives
and we can either take it or leave it.
That's really what Jesus said.
Hey, you can take this or leave it.
We want to think that
that's narrow-minded.
But I want to give you an example
here, because this speaks to me
again, I'm a football guy, so I
see some football jerseys out here.
This is going to be good for you guys.
Right?
Think about a coach sitting down upon.
Who is rejecting the plan, the game plan.
He says, no, I don't
want to do the game plan.
And the coach, here's what the coach says.
He says, Hey, I know what's best for
the team because I see the whole team.
I see how the team functions together.
And I see that the health of the
team is for you to follow the plan.
But if you don't choose to follow the
plan, you're hurting the whole team
and I'm going to have to set you out.
Now, I don't know about you guys as a
player on a team where a coach has the
full view and knows everybody's position
and knows how everything comes together.
It's easy for me to say the
coach is right in that the coach
is right in that guarantee.
He is, Jesus is way bigger than a coach.
Jesus sees everything in eternity,
past and attorney Ford, right?
We know that he sees everything.
He knows our roles on the team.
He knows what plan you need to be.
And sometimes God says, this
is your role and you reject it.
I reject it.
We say, oh, it's too much.
It's not, it's not that person's,
I'm not the quarterback who gets all
the autographs and the big contracts.
Tell me why the con the quarterbacks
nowadays is $40 million a year.
And the kickers get three.
I mean, come on, kickers one games all
the time, but that's not my choice.
Go back to Jesus.
It's not my choice, whether
I'm a kicker or the McCarter.
It matters that one, I'm a child of
God and the God's given me a command.
And, and really the, I think the
craziest part of this picture,
he's, he's willing to wash my feet.
If someone who leads me is
willing to wash my feet.
I'll probably follow him anywhere because
I know that he is humble and willing.
Right.
But he didn't just wash feet.
He went to the cross for us.
Right.
So sort started thinking about that.
So Jesus, again, is confident as
colon and leading them where to go.
He can see the whole.
And so here's what he's saying
to us when we reject gods,
plaintiff's serving those around us.
Cause again, that's
what Jesus' example was.
If we reject God's plan of serving
those around us, to show them the love
of Jesus, then we're hurting the team.
See, after Jesus had confidence in his
calling and he served those around them,
he didn't just serve them and walk away.
He challenged them to follow his example.
See, I want us to end this way, guys.
I want us to end.
Too many times in our lives,
we give our lives to Jesus.
We have a relationship with Jesus.
We may even live like a Christ follower
follower, but we do not take others
alongside of us and disciple them
to model after Jesus, Jesus said
go therefore and make disciples.
We're missing.
The greatest thing.
If all we do is become a great
Christian that falls all the
rules and it's just, this is just,
I'm going to live out my life.
But, but Jesus says no.
Now go do likewise and then do it
again so that you can model it and
teach and bring people into it.
So he says to remember his
example, and this is where verses
12 through 17 come in, right.
He says, when Jesus had washed their
feet and put them on the outer clothing,
he reclined again and said to them,
do you know what I've done for you?
You call me teacher and Lord, and you are
speaking rightly since that's what I am.
So if, if I, your Lord and
teacher have washed her.
You also ought to wash one another's feet.
I think that's so important when we see
that we should wash one another's feet.
So I'm going to ask this question
maybe, should we take our
shoes off today and wash feet?
Um, I'm not doing that by the way, but
you know that maybe the question, right.
I started thinking about this, who
was the one person in that room?
The Jesus.
If you were Jesus, you would
struggle to wash their feet.
Somebody tell me, who's the one
person in that room you would
struggle to wash the feet of Judas
his enemy, the one who portrayed him.
But Jesus, didn't say, Hey, do,
as I did, but avoid your enemies.
He didn't skip it.
Didn't say write that in.
Hey, I skipped Judases because
he's going to betray me.
He washed his feet guys.
He's a serve those around us.
So we affirmed one more time.
He says, Uh, servant is not
a greater than his master.
Right?
What does that mean?
It's basically saying this,
his disciples are the servants
and Jesus is our master, right?
We're God's servants who they served.
We should also serve
who God served through.
Jesus.
We should also serve
including our enemies.
It's a no brainer.
So I don't know.
I, I started thinking
through this a little bit.
I think it's more than just watching.
I think it's more than washing feet.
What Jesus was saying here.
When we go back to communion that
time of the Lord's supper, he was
speaking of his body breaking and
his blood being poured out for us.
That's the deeper picture of the model
that Jesus wants us to follow, not just
the wash one another's feet, but to
serve in such a way that may cost us.
May cost us money may cost us
time may cost us our jobs because
we begin to pursue a call.
That's more than money, but it's
really more about God's kingdom.
I don't know what it is that God
may be calling us to do, but he's
calling us to sacrifice it all.
So when Jesus' body was broken and
spilled out, he was really teaching us
what verse 17, even kind of affirms here.
Verse 17 says this.
Um, it says if you know
these things, you're blessed.
If you do.
So we know that Jesus said to follow after
our master, who is Jesus in his example.
So Jesus is asking us to serve those
around us, by laying down our lives for
one another, even our enemies, there's
not one person in this world that we are
to not lay our lives down so that they
can experience God's love and mercy.
What does it take?
Humility?
How do we do that?
We go back to verse three,
that we realize that everything
has been given into our hands.
I started thinking if everything has been
given to our hands, even the ability to
humble ourselves when it's difficult,
has been given to us through Jesus to go
serve those around us, to the point of
possibly laying down our lives for them
as this is a tough text, because it's
not allowing you to get out of the call
of what a true follower of Jesus is.
All of us are to lay down.
Everything that hinders our walks and
begin to live our lives out for Jesus
in such a way that others can know him.
So I want to finish this way.
I started asking this question, who's
the one another, you know, he says
that he says, so if the Lord and
teacher have washed your feet, you
also ought to wash one another's feet.
So I already mentioned the enemy, right.
But a lot of us probably want to take the
one another, and we want to find a loop.
Who's the one another,
what do you guys think?
Who's the one another
the guys talking about
everyone.
Sorry.
I wrote it this way.
Um, it's anyone, everyone all
started just thinking there's people
in our lives that are difficult.
We want to.
Uh, we, we just want to serve those
who bring us joy that we like.
I'll tell you this.
It's easy to invite a friend over
for dinner and provide food for them.
Wow.
I love him.
And I should do that.
Well, what about the
ones that look different?
Act different, think different.
They're the hardest ones to serve
and we avoid them, but Jesus
didn't, he didn't avoid you.
Um, for us, you know, as a
church at churches and, and
again, I'll step out there.
A lot of times the church is
accused of not wanting to serve
the lost those who don't know Jesus
we're okay with coming on Sundays.
We're okay with hanging out with their
friends that are Sable refusing to get
her in the lost and serve them first.
Maybe not even with an agenda, but just
serving them to show them that you.
And hoping that they see
Jesus through that, and maybe
they'll spark a conversation.
And one of the coolest things for me
in this conclusion is to see this we've
been serving for a year in schools.
And we're just now starting to have
gospel conversations with some of
the staff and, and administrators.
Why?
Because we chose to serve people who
are different people who maybe didn't
believe the same thing as we did.
But we started there even though
it was difficult, we chose to do.
And we're seeing fruit of it.
So today again, when we have time to take,
to remember what Christ has done for us
on the cross, it wasn't just to remember
his broken body and to remember the blood
that he poured out for us on the cross.
But it's remember his example that
he left for us to go lay down our
lives for one another second, Peter
three nine really points to this.
Who's the one another, the Lord does not
delay in his promise as some understand.
But as patient with you not wanting
any to perish, but all to come to
repentance, I'll say that again.
God's desire is to not see any
perish, but all to come to repentance.
So the one another that God has
called every one of us to serve
to the point of possible death and
suffering is every person in our lives.
We can't avoid them.
If there's a person out there that
you want to avoid, you need today.
As during this time of invitation
to ask the Lord to change your view.
I started talking.
I was talking to Jason and
Christina, uh, Friday night,
they got to come over for dinner.
And, uh, one of the cool
things, just God gave me this
picture of putting on glasses.
So those of you who wear glasses,
uh, see Parker back there,
messing with his glasses, those
you wear glasses or contacts.
You get the idea.
If you don't put those
on things aren't clear.
And so every morning we choose
not to put on this view that
God has of everybody around you.
Your vision is blurred.
And you begin to see, sometimes
you have to guess what God
has clearly given you today.
The lenses to put on who the one
another is it's everyone in our lives.
So don't let your desires or the
things that you're struggling with.
Stop you from loving one another
in this room, but outside
this room and those around.
So today, as we take time to head into
limitation, there's, there's two things.
And this is what I love about
invitations says that's a time to
consider what God has taught you.
I don't know if anything's made sense,
but I hope something has got us spoke.
One thing maybe into your heart.
And so during this time of invitation,
this is what we want to do.
We've been wanting to give a
little bit more time for you guys.
What do we call, do business with
the Lord, spend some time with the
Lord and say, Lord, speak to me.
Um, and so what Brock's going to do here
is he's going to play softly behind.
We're going to close our eyes and
we're spend a few minutes just asking
the Lord, Lord, what is it that you
want to take out of what we've learned
today and apply to my life for you?
Maybe it's sin that you need to
repent of, maybe it's you and
your view towards one another.
Whoever that one another is,
who, whatever the Lord lays on
your heart, consider what it is.
And here's what the Lord promises.
If we will repent, we'll
ask God to forgive us.
He will quickly forgive us and view us
as though we've not never sinned before.
So this is a time for,
to get your heart, right?
Here's the other challenge
that I have with you.
This is also a time for you.
If you've never given your
life to Jesus, you don't know
what it means to follow Jesus.
You've you've never made that
decision is for you to say,
Hey, I, I need to make that.
I need to stop putting it
off and you can do that.
And so I'm going to be in the bag.
And so as Brock's plane is, as the
rest of us are praying and asking God
what it is that you're teaching us.
If you need to give your life to
Jesus, come back and talk to me.
I want to talk with you.
And then after you guys are done
doing that, Brock will ask us to
stand and we'll spend some time
worshiping on our way out of service.
So let's pray, Lord Jesus.
We thank you Lord.
For this time.
Lord, we thank you for your word
and how it's truth and how it
seems like it's new every morning.
And Lord, how you continue
to speak to every one of us.
Lord, I pray that today our hearts and
minds were opened to your word, Lord.
I pray that to every person in this room,
doesn't leave here before they apply.
Your word to their hearts
and lives or decision area.
That's not right, Lord.
I pray that they get it right, Lord.
I pray if there's a person that
they have wrong, Lord, I pray
that they go to that person today.
They make a phone call and
they ask for forgiveness.
Lord, I pray the Lord.
If they've not put on the correct
lenses in the past, but today they
want to put on the right lenses
where they see people, the way you
do broken and hurting and Anita.
Lord.
I pray that they put those on today,
but Lord, lastly, I pray if there's one
person in this room that is questioning
their faith in you, or it does not
have a relationship with you, Lord,
that they will not leave here today
without giving their lives to you.
So Lord, I pray that they get up
during this time and meet me in the
back and they say, Hey, Ben helped
me know Jesus in a personal way.
Lord, we love you.
And we thank you for this time.
We pray this in your hand.
Amen.